Test & fix broken links for Additional info , Troubleshooting section in docs (#195)
openebs/website: docs/versioned_docs/version-2.11.0/additional-info/performance.md

**Setup cStorPool and StorageClass**

> Choose the appropriate disks (SSDs or SAS or Cloud disks) and [create pool](/user-guides/cstor-csi#creating-cstor-storage-pools)  and [create StorageClass](/user-guides/cstor-csi#creating-cstor-storage-classes).  There are some performance tunings available and this configuration can be added in the corresponding StorageClass before provisioning the volume. The tunings are available in the [StorageClass](/user-guides/cstor#setting-performance-tunings) section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose the appropriate disks (SSDs or SAS or Cloud disks) and [create pool](/deprecated/spc-based-cstor#creating-cStor-storage-pools)  and [create StorageClass](/deprecated/spc-based-cstor#creating-cStor-storage-class).  There are some performance tunings available and this configuration can be added in the corresponding StorageClass before provisioning the volume. The tunings are available in the [StorageClass](/deprecated/spc-based-cstor#setting-performance-tunings) section. 
```
